 URL for TL: https://codepen.io/parkster246/pen/JjGjYae?editors=1100
 . What is Semantic HTML? it is a markup language that intros meaning to web page
    2. What is HTML used for? html is used to give meaning to web page rather than just presentation
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? defines additional properties of the element. specified in the opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? used for title post. once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes href and id
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? header
    7. What is an id? specifies a unigue id for an html element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? when using it to id one element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? specifies one or more class names for an element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any html element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as much as needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? href =" web page you need"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? used for alternate info on images when image wont show
    15. How do I reference an id? with #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div section is for sections of info like chapters. div is for dividing up information. 
    17. What is CSS used for? it is used for the presentation of a web page.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one class is for multiple objects like .jumpman {} id is for a singular item #jumpman {}
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? with a period
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? used to select all elements that are adirect child of the specified element. to be more precise than a traditional selector 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? a selector that selects elements in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS?Capitalize   lowercase?lowercase Capitalize?uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? cd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm. removes without warning.
    34. Why should I use version control? helps for multiple team members collaborating. keeps track of changes.
    35. How often should I commit to github? often or when you make major changes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork, add tl as contributor, clone, git clone, cd new repo, git checkout -b "firstname-lastname",, git add ., git commit -m, git push -u

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 